WHAT are websites? 
All websites are essentially a collection of files stored on a server connected to
the internet. 
You use a web browser (Chrome, FireFox, Safari) in order access that website online. 
The web browser is commonly referred to as "the client".

In brief summary, everytime you are accessing a website, the client is receiving
data about the website from the server as well as the server receiving data from the
client in a loop of sorts. 


WHAT is Front-End, Back-End, Full Stack?
These are essentially the 3 main roles to which web developers fall on what part 
of the client-server relationship they work on. 

Front-End is all about dealing with the client (basically everything that you can
see in your web browser). 

Back-End is all about the logic and functionality BEHIND the client (everything you
can not see).

Full Stack is dealing with both the Front-End and Back-End all by yourself.



HOW do you Front-End?
For Front-End, you will be using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
HTML is the very base of every website, allowing you to get text and images on
the client. However, that's all about it can do.

CSS is what we use to format the text and images that HTML enabled us to do,
allowing us to stylize things. 

JavaScript is all about handling input from the user.

WHAT are package managers? 
They are online collection of software that allows you to use helpful tools 
that others have written within your own projects.
NPM.js and Yarn are very popular.

Build Tools just allow you to run everything you need to run so that you won't have
to run everything individually all by yourself. Gulp is pretty good for this.

You may also want to use a JavaScript Framework to make things easier for you. 
React.js is one of them



How do you Back-End?
For Back-End, you will need a server first. Traditional servers are needed for more 
complex websites, but for simple sites we can use a serverless webserver provider like
AWS (Amazon WebServices). 

You will be using your more typical programming languages like
C#, Java, Python and Node.js to control the functionality of the server.

You will also need a DataBase that just stores all your information of the site.
Most databases use SQL, where we can create, read, and update data.

WHAT are API's? 
API (Application Programming Interface) is another term you may hear. It is an
optional piece, but mandatory if you would like to create a website that interacts
or pulls data from other websites. 
Think of the process of making a robot to make a car. If your program is the robot,
the car interface is the API. It is an interface that others have written that allow
you to access and read from their site using YOUR OWN PROGRAM. 
This way, you don't need to know how these
OTHER sites work, just their API. 

As for where API fits in the whole picture, some consider it a middle-man
between front and back end. Some others consider it mainly a backend function.
I believe that it is just general assistance that does not fit exactly into a single
place.


