Git & Github allows you to utilize version control, providing many different
functionalities that help facilitate ease of sharing and updating projects 
across many different developers. 

Github is a website that handles repositoty, but underneath Github 
utilizes Git for version control. 


WHY IT IS USEFUL:

Version control is useful to help share projects across multiple users and locations,
allowing others to modify the projects, tracking changes, providing quality control
to the changes themselves, all with the contingency that if something terrible
were to happen you can always go back to a previous version.

This essentially automates and organizes the manual work of saving various 
different versions of a project across various folders, sending them to others,
then those individuals making adjustments and reporting on those adjustments. 
It streamlines the process and makes organization possible across many developers.

HOW TO USE: 
Before learning how to use it, we must first be familiar with the termanology that
version control comes with.

Origin - Refers to the centralized repository where you put your code. It is the main
repository that others will download when they want to contribute to your project.

Master - A clone of the origin repository that you store on your computer.

Local Repository - Repository that you have stored on your computer LOCALLY.

Commit - Logs a set of changes to files under a Title and description
for the purposes of pushing to a repository

Push - Transfer files or changes from your local repository to the repository 
on Github, you PUSH commits to online repositories.

Pull - Copies updates from the repository on Github onto your local repository.

Clone - Copies the repository on Github onto your local machine. 

Branch - A separate copy of a repository where you can freely change
without modifying main branch that is deployed.

Pull Request - Logs a set of changes to files under a title and description
for the purposes of merging 2 branches together

Merge - Applying the updates you made to a branch into another branch
