Mistakes inevitably happen. We must take all the countermeasures we can to make 
sure code is executed as intended.
C# along other languages gives us useful tools to catch mistakes in the form of
TRY and CATCH.

WHY TO USE:
Try and Catch blocks together allow us to catch and handle any incoming errors
or complications that we forsee in a section of code. 

The TRY block takes a piece of code to see if something goes wrong. If something 
does arise, the try block creates a new instance of a class called
Exceptions. This instance is then "thrown", in which the try block is looking for
a handler to handle the Exception. The try block will search for a handler starting
from the first call stack the code is in, and then searches further up the call
stack if no handler is found.

This handler that the TRY block searches for is the role that our CATCH block
takes. The catch block can handle any exception specified that you foresee
generating from the try block, and will execute code within itself according to
the incoming exception.

HOW TO USE:
PENDING
Our try block surrounds a piece of code. 
try{
  //your code that you expect there to be complications in
}
catch(Exception){
  //code that will excecute in accordance to the specified Exception
  //mentioned within the condition of the catch
}

In the condition of the catch, you can also specify a specific Exception.
These types of Exceptions can be slightly different for each language, 
so look them up online when picking out a type and what they correspond to.
You can also include even more catch blocks in succession (not nested)

You also have the option to create and throw exceptions on your own that 
will function just like the try block does (you still need a catch to handle it).

EX: throw new Exception(); // or any Exception you would like to specify.


Granted, error handling in this way should be used with caution. 
The nature of the try and catch block creates more nesting and overhead that
may make code more difficult to read/understand. If you can avoid using these 
features conveniently with simple logic like if statements, loops, etc, then
use those instead of these features. 
