The internet is the network of networks, it is the network of all computers around the world.
The internet is really just a collection of computers around the world that are communicating
with each other. This can be considered a public network, other computers can see your
packets sent/received, a third party entity can modify or read these to gain information
about you if the data is not protected somehow.

LAN or local area network is a network of computers connected by a switch. It is the safest
as you are not exposed to any other computers within the network outside of the computers
connected to the switch.
A switch is a device that allows communications between computers using ethernet cables or
LAN cables.

A router is a device used to allows computers within a local area network to
communicate with the bigger network that is the Internet. A LAN is typically connected
to a switch and then connected to the router.An ISP or internet service
providers are the ones who give us routers. 

Each router has a routing table. A routing table uses algorithms that take in a multitude of
factors like current traffic, distance, paths, etc to decide what path your data will take
to get to its destination.

Typical home routers nowadays combine the functionality of a switch and a router in one
device where you can connect to the router directly using LAN cables.

LAN Cables are widely used in everyday environments as they are cheap and easy to install.
Fiber Optic Cables provide faster data transmission over longer distances, but require
specialized installation and are far more expensive.

A WAN or wide area network is a network of LANS. The biggest WAN is the Internet. 
The most popular WANS are CANS (campus area networks) for things like the devices in
a university campus. A WAN can be a semi-isolated part within the Internet, these are
called VPN (Virtual Private Network) where through end to end encryption and hiding your
IP Address is more secure than just being a part of the internet, but its not infallable.
You can request a private WAN from an ISP to have a separate network away from the
Internet for your own LANS but this is pricier than a VPN. 



